gh-116023: Add `show_empty=False` to `ast.dump` (#116037)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-02-28-11-51-51.gh-issue-116023.CGYhFh.rst

> Add ``show_empty=False`` parameter to :func:`ast.dump` to optionally enable
> showing empty fields in the AST.

Reviewer: This doesn't really clarify the behavior change.
```suggestion
Don't show empty fields (value `None` or `[]`) in :func:`ast.dump` by default. Add ``show_empty=False`` parameter to optionally show them.
```
